Version 1.1.4, released on 2022-02-04
	Fixed a crash when trying to render main window icons which have incomplete
		data; this fixes a rare crash when scanning devices (#13).
	Fixed rendering compatibility issues with newer GTK3 versions.
	Fixed build system conflict with C++20 version header (#14).
	Fixed "Running command ..." dialog floating above windows of other
		applications (#17).
	Fixed a crash when system locale is set to invalid locale.
	Support Finnish decimal separator (backported from the Debian package)
		(#23).
	Set LC_NUMERIC=C for smartctl process to avoid locale-dependent number
		formatting (#23).
	Fixed printing all GTK messages as warnings; the messages are sorted by
		severity now.
	Add current time to default filename in Save Output dialog.
	Support macos stat command in file2csource.sh.
	Fixed a few typos (backported from the Debian package).
	Windows port now uses Adwaita theme due to issues with win32 theme.
	Windows port is dpi-aware now.

Version 1.1.3, released on 2017-11-12
	Fixed gsmartcontrol-root not launching if GDK_* variables are not set.

Version 1.1.2, released on 2017-11-11
	Fixed gsmartcontrol-root not passing GDK_SCALE and GDK_DPI_SCALE variables
	to gsmartcontrol when using PolKit.
	Fixed blurriness of icons in the main window with GDK_SCALE=2.
	Tweaked the main window interface.
	Windows: Show volume labels beside drive letters in icon tooltips.

Version 1.1.1, released on 2017-09-25
	Windows: Use Adwaita GTK+ theme for systems which support Classic Windows
		theme, since the default win32 GTK+ theme is broken in it; this
		includes Windows 7 and Windows Server.
	Statistics entry values are formatted with commas for readability.
	Moved help information to website.

Version 1.1.0, released on 2017-09-07
	New Statistics, Temperature Log, Error Recovery, Physical and Directory
		tabs.
	General tab shows non-SMART device settings as well.
	Attributes tab shows entries in "brief" format.
	Error Log tab shows Extended error log by default (if supported).
	Self-Test Log tab now shows Extended self-test log by default (if
		supported).
	GSmartControl now uses "-x" equivalent for retrieving data (as upposed to
		"-a"); loading "-x" outputs as virtual drives is also supported.
	Implemented ability to copy rows in CSV format from Attribute, Statistics
		and Self-Test Log tables.
	Implemented "Update Drive Database" functionality.
	Windows: Drive letters are shown for each drive.
	Scan time is shown under virtual drive icons.
	Polkit is supported with gsmartcontrol-root script now.
	Pcrecpp is no longer bundled, use system-installed one instead.
	Smartmontools version 5.43 is required at runtime.
	Other minor improvements and fixes.

Version 1.0.2, released on 2017-07-21
	Fixed incomplete capturing of smartctl output under Windows.
	Added missing icons under Windows.
	Fixed being able to turn on AODC even if unsupported.

Version 1.0.1, released on 2017-06-19
	Fixed compilation under macOS.
	Fixed compilation under Fedora Rawhide.
	Don't use -mtune=generic for all targets.

Version 1.0.0, released on 2017-06-16
	Ported to GTK+ 3.
	Tweaked the user interface a bit.
	Dropped support for Windows XP, 2000 and 2003 (they are no longer
		supported by GTK+).
	Fixed detection of newer system-installed smartmontools under Windows.

Version 0.9.0, released on 2017-05-11
	Implemented (untested) support for Linux-based Areca controllers with
		enclosures.
	Implemented (untested) support for Windows-based Areca controllers (thanks
		to Richard Kagerer).
	Implemented (untested) support for Linux-based HP controllers with cciss
		and hpsa/hpahcisr drivers (thanks to Fabrice Bacchella).
	Changes in Preferences no longer fail silently until rescan/restart.
	Better drive detection under Windows after removable drives are detached.
	Windows version is no longer marked as "dpi aware" since it's not
		supported that well.
	Drive attribute descriptions have been updated (including clarifications
		for SSDs).
	Added support for SSD-only and HDD-only vendor attributes.
	Devices having only basic info can be displayed now in the info window.
	Fixed BDRW drive detection (it was detected as a HDD).
	Other minor improvements.
	A number of issues have been fixed (including a crash).

Version 0.8.7, released on 2012-08-11
	Implemented support for Adaptec RAID 5805 controller and possibly other
		Adaptec models as well (Linux).
	Implemented support for Areca RAID controller detection under Linux
		(untested).
	Implemented support for 3ware 3w-sas-supported (twl) RAID controller
		detection under Linux (untested).
	Implemented support for systems with several different 3ware controllers
		(twa/twe/twl).
	Fixed invalid parsing of tw_cli output which caused non-detection of
		drives and controllers with controller or port numbers greater than 9
		if tw_cli was found (3ware linux, windows).
	The duplicate drives are no longer shown for some Intel matrix controllers
		under Windows; Intel RAID controllers are fully supported under
		Windows now.
	Added options to show device name and serial number under drive icons.
	Updated SMART attribute definitions and added warnings for SSD lifetime
		attributes.
	gsmartcontrol-root has a new argument "--desktop=..." which replaces the
		old positional argument; compatibility with the old invocation syntax
		has been retained.
	Completely documented the source using doxygen tags.
	Added support for Fedora's consolehelper.
	Made GSmartControl DPI-aware under Windows.
	Fixed compilation issues with clang and gcc 4.7, as well as glib 2.31.x
		and newer.
	Fixed minor issues in NSIS installer.
	Fixed other minor bugs and made minor improvements.

Version 0.8.6, released on 2011-06-12
	Support detecting drives behind 3ware controllers (Linux, Windows),
		including tw_cli/cx/px mode in Windows. Having tw_cli is recommended
		but not required.
	Added support for specifying -d option and extra parameters via command
		line, "Add Device" and "Preferences" dialogs. This change effectively
		adds full support for multiple drives behind a single device name.
	Beesu and su-to-root are supported by gsmartcontrol-root script now.
	Completely revamped the attribute database and its handling, should be a
		lot more usable and forward-compatible now; SSD attributes are also
		included.
	In-program help has been expanded considerably.
	General improvements to user interface have been implemented (better GNOME
		HIG compliance, better tooltips, dialogs, etc...).
	Added ability to show smartctl output for devices whose info could not be
		parsed fully.
	Attributes in "brief" format are supported now.
	The parser has been updated to reflect the recent changes in smartctl.
	Quit and rescan operations are no longer denied without confirmation when
		tests are running.
	The Windows NSIS installer has been vastly improved.
	Better support for Windows Vista and 7.
	Changed copyright notices for files with Whatever License to use Unlicense.
	Added other minor features and fixed quite a few bugs.

Version 0.8.5, released on 2009-09-05
	GSmartControl now uses XDG config directory for per-user configuration on
		UNIX and CSIDL_PROFILE directory on Windows. Existing configuration is
		migrated automatically.
	The names are shown correctly for unsupported devices even with the latest
		smartctl snapshots now.
	Smartctl SVN revision is shown (if available).
	The progress bars update properly when parallel tests are run.
	Windows: GSmartControl should be able to operate on any valid filesystem
		path (not just locale-representable ones).
	Windows: GSmartControl is now officially compilable on x86_64 via mingw64.
	Fixed compilation under very old gtkmm/libglademm, and with gcc 4.4.
	Fixed parsing of multiple error types in SMART error log.
	Added minor features and fixed miscellaneous bugs.

Version 0.8.4, released on 2009-03-23
	Linux Software RAID devices are blacklisted now. (backported from Debian).
	Attributes tab is before the capabilities tab now.
	A man page has been generously contributed by Giuseppe Iuculano
		<giuseppe@iuculano.it>.
	Smartctl version now includes the CVS snapshot date (if available).
	Windows: Look for "smartctl-nc.exe" instead of "smartctl.exe" by default.
	Windows: Use smartmontools-supplied smartctl-nc.exe by default (if found).
	Other minor changes (mainly Debian backports).

Version 0.8.3, released on 2008-12-27
	A random "Smartctl returned an empty output" error on Windows was fixed.
		Thanks to Zurab Khetsuriani for testing.
	Fixed a parser issue which prevented running self-tests in Windows.
	The supplied icon (hopefully) shows correctly in Windows 2000 now.
	This release adds an official support for Windows 2000 SP4.
	Added scripts to allow GSmartControl to read smartctl data from
		cron-generated files. This allows users to read somewhat recent
		smartctl information without having to run GSmartControl as root.
		Generously contributed by Alex Butcher <alex dot butcher 'at'
		assursys.co.uk>.
	Configure script correctly aborts instead of printing a warning if gtkmm
		or libglademm (if needed) is not found.
	Configure script now accepts --enable-windows-console,
		--disable-abort-if-no-gtkmm, --disable-abort-if-no-glade-reader,
		as well as Windows-supporting "auto" for --enable-nsis-wine and
		--with-nsis.
	Configure's --with-win32-env has been renamed to --with-windows-dlls.
	The "About" dialog shows version information now.
	Minor bugs were fixed.

Version 0.8.2, released on 2008-12-10
	Fixed gsmartcontrol_root.sh script to support distributions with no
		/usr/sbin in their users' paths (thanks to Erwan Velu).
	Added desktop auto-detection to gsmartcontrol_root.sh script. This allows
		us to use only one desktop file (thanks to Erwan Velu).
	Added Debian package directory (named "debian.dist" for now to avoid
		control file conflicts with Build Service).
	Renamed gsmartcontrol_root.sh to gsmartcontrol-root, to make Debian happy.
	Added make targets for Windows packages (zip and NSIS).
	Fixed Windows-related issues (Vista is fully supported now).
	Fixed minor bugs:
		Smartctl parser is win32-locale-aware now.
		No more unnecessary parsing.
		No segfault on exit under Windows and Solaris.
		A friendlier message is displayed if smartctl was not found.
		No highlighted labels when switching tabs in Information window.

Version 0.8.1, released on 2008-11-11
	Disabled Linux "by-id" drive detection - it's unreliable on some broken
		systems.
	Added some more attribute descriptions.
	Our names for attributes override smartctls' now.
	Added a proper "Add Device" dialog for Windows.
	Added an icon and resource file for Windows.
	Fixed minor bugs.

Version 0.8.0rc4, released on 2008-10-20
	FreeBSD support (tested with DesktopBSD 1.6 (FreeBSD 6.3) / x86).
	NetBSD support (tested with NetBSD 4.0.1 / x86).
	OpenBSD support (tested with OpenBSD 4.3 / x86-64 / gcc-3.3.5).
	Solaris/gcc support (tested with Solaris 10 / x86 / gcc-3.4.3 / blastwave).
	Solaris/sunstudio support (tested with Solaris 10 / x86 / sunstudio12 /
		sunfreeware).
	Code to support Windows, Mac OS X, QNX.
	Support of older pcre versions (at least 4.5, maybe older too).
	Added gsmartcontrol_root.sh script to easily run gsmartcontrol as root.
	Improved .desktop files.
	License for tests and examples is legally more correct now.
	Minor bugfixes.

Version 0.8.0rc3, released on 2008-10-08
	Added support for udevless Linux distributions by providing a fallback
		/proc/partitions-based drive detection method. The new method adds
		support for Linux 2.4 and older systems. Thanks to Paul Marwick for
		reporting and testing.
	Fixed invalid error messages with directory-related operations.
	Fixed invalid verbosity levels of console output of debug messages in
		non-debug builds.
	Improved rpm spec file - now supports building on OpenSUSE build
		service with various distributions as targets.

Version 0.8.0rc2, released on 2008-10-05
	Fixed compilation under gcc 4.3. Thanks to Peter Linnell for reporting.
	Removed test data (there's a lot of it and it's unnecessary).

Version 0.8.0rc1, released on 2008-10-01
	Initial public release.
